c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoSystem\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\JunoSystem.exe.config
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoSystem\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\JunoSystem.exe
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoSystem\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\JunoSystem.pdb
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoSystem\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoSystem\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoSystem\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoSystem\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoSystem\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoSystem\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoSystem\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoSystem\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoSystem\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoSystem\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoSystem\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoSystem\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoSystem\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoSystem\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoSystem\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoSystem\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoSystem\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.pdb
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoSystem\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.xml
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoSystem\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoSystem\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoSystem\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoSystem\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.xml
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoSystem\JunoSystem\obj\Debug\JunoSystem.frmJunoSistema.resources
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoSystem\JunoSystem\obj\Debug\JunoSystem.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoSystem\JunoSystem\obj\Debug\JunoSystem.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoSystem\JunoSystem\obj\Debug\JunoSystem.exe
c:\users\dkdan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JunoSystem\JunoSystem\obj\Debug\JunoSystem.pdb
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\obj\Debug\JunoSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\obj\Debug\JunoSystem.frmJunoSistema.resources
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\obj\Debug\JunoSystem.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\obj\Debug\JunoSystem.RegisterEmail.resources
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\obj\Debug\JunoSystem.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\obj\Debug\JunoSystem.exe
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\obj\Debug\JunoSystem.pdb
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\JunoSystem.exe.config
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\JunoSystem.exe
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\JunoSystem.pdb
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.dll
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\MailKit.dll
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\MimeKit.dll
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.pdb
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.xml
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\MailKit.xml
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\MimeKit.xml
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\dkdan\Documents\GitHub\SystemForms\JunoSystem\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.xml
